Welcome back.
I wondered how but just a quick video to tell you about something interesting.
And this depends on your language.
But remember the sort method that we had in javascript or perhaps your language.
I challenge you to figure out what sort of sorting algorithm it's using underneath the hood.
Now in most cases it's either going to be quicksort or insertion sort and merge sort combined together.
So go out and search what sorting algorithm your language uses when it comes to javascript.
There's actually no requirements to javascript as to which sorting algorithm to use.
We have ECMAScript in javascript which is the standard but because the standard doesn't mention how
this should be implemented.
Different browsers that have different javascript engines.
Chrome has V8 Mozilla has its own engine Safari its own engine.
They all implement them differently.
Well last time I checked in Mozilla they use merge sort for sorting.
And in Chrome and the V-8 engine sort is implemented with quicksort and also insertion sort for the
smaller erase.
I thought that was interesting anyway.
I see in the next video by.